de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/services/CustomAuthorizationService.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.services.CustomAuthorizationService
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/configurations/SecurityContext.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.configurations.SecurityContext
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/configurations/SecurityFilter.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.configurations.SecurityFilter
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/services/AuthorizationService.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.services.AuthorizationService
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/configurations/AbstractBinder.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.configurations.AbstractBinder
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/configurations/ResourceConfig.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.configurations.ResourceConfig
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/infrastructure/repositories/SQLiteUserRepository.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.infrastructure.repositories.SQLiteUserRepository
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/domain/model/Role.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.domain.model.Role
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/exceptions/ThrowableMapper.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.exceptions.ThrowableMapper
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/exceptions/WebApplicationExceptionMapper.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.exceptions.WebApplicationExceptionMapper
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/services/BasicHTTPAuthenticationService.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.services.BasicHTTPAuthenticationService
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/presentation/rest/UserController.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.presentation.rest.UserController
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/exceptions/APIError.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.exceptions.APIError
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/services/HTTPAuthenticationService.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.services.HTTPAuthenticationService
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/domain/model/User.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.domain.model.User
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/exceptions/SQLExceptionMapper.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.exceptions.SQLExceptionMapper
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/presentation/rest/BibliothekarController.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.presentation.rest.BibliothekarController
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/presentation/rest/CustomerController.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.presentation.rest.CustomerController
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/application/services/AuthenticationService.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.application.services.AuthenticationService
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/Application.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.Application
de/hhu/cs/dbs/propra/domain/model/UserRepository.java
 de.hhu.cs.dbs.propra.domain.model.UserRepository
